What's there to see?
Hmph, it really is a kitchen knife
The answer is all up to you
I'm going to read your answers.
Then cut the rough stone on site
I don't need to say it then.
And you all know what the outcome will be.
Master Xie believes that
This is a piece of low-quality glutinous jadeite.
The former master believes that
Glass jadeite can be opened inside
It seems that the answer gap between the two is quite large
As for this Master Yang
He believes that in this rough stone
No emerald
Yes, hahahaha.
Over 80 million rough stones
You said you can't open the jade.
I'm dying of laughter, haha, okay.
Then let's get started 7 rough stones
There is no green in this knife.
I don't believe it, let me do it.